lit review state of tje art of the current methods

cut out the empty spaces

remove a lot of the sections

whether this research has some ethical impacts, because we work with people and could comment on the datasets and the ethical concerns with how those were collected. e.g. with approval of people participating. The code in this area how it can be used ethically.  mostly about the datasets, focus on people

describe the model in the methodology and how its trained. Describe model a lot

Change from experiment 123 to the name of the experiment, e.g. generating with GAns/AEs/Diffusion

formulas need numbers, then refer to numbers

pseudocode can go into experimental results, can also be in methodology. Experimental results should be a discussion

Diagrams of the models should be in the methodology, lots of description of the equations in the methodology

assume reader doesn't know what the loss functions are

instead of writing is MSE use the summation, make it more obvious

conclusion 1 or 2 pages, general overview. WHat is the opinion about the GANS or diffusion models I used, provides good results but takes long ie
also talk about future work.

in conclusion talk about applicability of methodology

say which methods are better etc, maybe repeat discussion at a higher level. in experimental discuss at lower level

why didn;t it select what looks like an obvious choice.

can speculate on the regions that are selected, e.g. the level of detail

lit review say that I plan on describing in more detail later

only talk about dataset in experimental results. give lots of details about how the experiment was run for the dataset, how it was collected and my own experiments with it.

abstract - why area important, what exepriments i've done, why they're important, what datasets i've used. dont talk about results, no conclusion. about technical parts

conclusion to lit review

european name starting with G, on memorability, they cite vischema paper

talk about adjacent datasets.
